feat: respect `iox::column_type::field` metadata when mapping query results into values (#114)
InfluxCommunity/influxdb3-go: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.14.0 [unreleased]

### Breaking Changes

:warning: **This is a breaking change release.**

> > Previously, the Query API did not respect the metadata type for columns provided by InfluxDB v3. This release fixes this issue. As a result, the type of some columns may differ from previous versions. For example, the timestamp column will now be `time.Time` instead of `arrow.Timestamp`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Previously, the Query API did not respect the metadata type for columns returned from InfluxDB v3. This release fixes this issue. As a result, the type of some columns may differ from previous versions. For example, the timestamp column will now be `time.Time` instead of `arrow.Timestamp`.
```

### Features

> 1. [#114](https://github.com/InfluxCommunity/influxdb3-go/pull/114): Query API respect metadata type for column which is provided by InfluxDB v3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#114](https://github.com/InfluxCommunity/influxdb3-go/pull/114): Query API respects metadata types for columns returned from InfluxDB v3.
   Tags are mapped as a "string", timestamp as "time.Time", and fields as their respective types:
   - iox::column_type::field::integer: => int64
   - iox::column_type::field::uinteger: => uint64
   - iox::column_type::field::float: => float64
   - iox::column_type::field::string: => string
   - iox::column_type::field::boolean: => bool
```
